doc: Add an NFC section in the memory optimization guide. (#7969)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_memory.rst

* Reduce the verbosity of assert messages by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ASSERT_VERBOSE` to ``n``.
* Check `Thread`_ memory footprint optimization actions, as the Matter application layer uses OpenThread.

.. _app_memory_nfc:

NFC
***

To optimize your application that supports the NFC tag functionality follow the `General recommendations`_.

> The NFC :ref:`type_2_tag` and :ref:`type_4_tag` libraries do not provide configuration options that affect memory usage in an application, so the only ways to optimize memory usage relevant to NFC are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NFC :ref:`type_2_tag` and :ref:`type_4_tag` libraries do not provide configuration options that affect memory usage in an application. However, there are a few Kconfig configuration options you can use to optimize memory usage relevant to NFC:
```

Author: fixed

> * Reduce logging level in the NFC integration module by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_PLATFORM_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To reduce logging level in the NFC integration module, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_PLATFORM_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE` option.
```

Author: fixed

> Additionally, if your applicatin uses the :ref:`type_4_tag` library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if your applicatin uses the :ref:`type_4_tag` library:
```
```suggestion
For an application that uses the :ref:`type_4_tag` library, set the following options:
```

Author: fixed

>   * Set the maximum NDEF file size using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NDEF_FILE_SIZE` if the read-write mode is supported,
>   * Set the maximum size of the buffer for NDEF message exchange using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_RX_MAX_RECORD_CNT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_RX_MAX_RECORD_SIZE` if the TNEP protocol is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the read-write mode is supported, set the maximum NDEF file size using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NDEF_FILE_SIZE` option.
  * If the TNEP protocol is supported, set the maximum size of the buffer for NDEF message exchange using the options :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_RX_MAX_RECORD_CNT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_RX_MAX_RECORD_SIZE` .
```

Author: fixed

> To optimize your application that supports the NFC poller functionality using the :ref:`st25r3911b_nfc_readme` perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To optimize an application that supports the NFC poller functionality using the :ref:`st25r3911b_nfc_readme` library, set the following options:
```

Author: fixed

> * Reduce logging level of the NFC components used in the application, for example: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ST25R3911B_LIB_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_ISODEP_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE`,
> * Set buffer sizes in the NFC T4T protocol implementation for the poller side: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_HL_PROCEDURE_CC_BUFFER_SIZE`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_HL_PROCEDURE_APDU_BUF_SIZE`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reduce the logging level of the NFC components used in the application, for example, using the options :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ST25R3911B_LIB_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_ISODEP_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE`.
* Set the buffer sizes in the NFC T4T protocol implementation for the poller side using the options :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_HL_PROCEDURE_CC_BUFFER_SIZE` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_HL_PROCEDURE_APDU_BUF_SIZE`.
```

Author: Fixed, but I just left the `CONFIG_ST25R3911B_LIB_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE` option because there are a few of them, and didn't want this part to be too long. Should I list all options here?

> Additionally, if your application supports the TNEP protocol:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application supports the TNEP protocol, set the following options:
```

Author: fixed

>   * Set the maximum number of NDEF records in the received message using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_POLLER_RX_MAX_RECORD_CNT`
>   * Set the Connection Handover receive buffer size for the poller mode (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_POLLER_RX_BUF_SIZE`) if :ref:`nfc_tnep_ch_readme` library is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Set the maximum number of NDEF records in the received message using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_POLLER_RX_MAX_RECORD_CNT` option.
  * If the application uses the :ref:`nfc_tnep_ch_readme` library, set the Connection Handover receive buffer size for the poller mode using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_POLLER_RX_BUF_SIZE` option.
```
Not sure about the capitalization of the "Connection Handover". Please check.

Author: fixed

> If your application uses the NFC TNEP protocol for the Bluetooth LE out-of-band pairing procedure (:ref:`nfc_tnep_ch_readme`) regardless of the role: tag or poller, set the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application uses the NFC TNEP protocol for the Bluetooth LE out-of-band pairing procedure (:ref:`nfc_tnep_ch_readme`), regardless of the role (tag or poller), set the following options:
```

Author: fixed

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_MAX_RECORD_COUNT`,
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_MAX_LOCAL_RECORD_COUNT`,
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_PARSER_BUFFER_SIZE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_MAX_RECORD_COUNT`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_MAX_LOCAL_RECORD_COUNT`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_PARSER_BUFFER_SIZE`
```

Author: fixed

* Reduce the verbosity of assert messages by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ASSERT_VERBOSE` to ``n``.
* Check `Thread`_ memory footprint optimization actions, as the Matter application layer uses OpenThread.

.. _app_memory_nfc:

NFC
***

> 

Reviewer 2: Just please add an introductory line after the heading. Maybe like the following one?

```suggestion

The :ref:`ug_nfc` protocol lets you optimize memory footprint for both the tag and the poller roles.

```

Author: Added

Tag
---

> To optimize your application that supports the NFC tag functionality follow the `General recommendations`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To optimize your application that supports the NFC tag functionality, follow the `General recommendations`_.
```

Author: fixed

* Reduce the verbosity of assert messages by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ASSERT_VERBOSE` to ``n``.
* Check `Thread`_ memory footprint optimization actions, as the Matter application layer uses OpenThread.

.. _app_memory_nfc:

NFC
***

The :ref:`ug_nfc` protocol implementation in the |NCS| provides some options for optimizing memory footprint for both the tag and the poller roles.

Tag
---

To optimize your application that supports the NFC tag functionality, follow the `General recommendations`_.
The NFC :ref:`type_2_tag` and :ref:`type_4_tag` libraries do not provide configuration options that have an effect on memory usage in an application.
However, there are a few Kconfig configuration options you can use to optimize memory usage related to NFC.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_PLATFORM_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE` to reduce logging level in the NFC integration module.

For an application that uses the :ref:`type_4_tag` library, you can set the following options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NDEF_FILE_SIZE` for the maximum NDEF file size, if the read-write mode is supported,

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_RX_MAX_RECORD_CNT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_RX_MAX_RECORD_SIZE` for the maximum buffer size of NDEF message exchange, if the TNEP protocol is supported.

Reviewer 3: Maybe add here reference to :ref:`lib_nfc_tnep` ?

Author: Added

Poller
------

To optimize an application that supports the NFC poller functionality using the :ref:`st25r3911b_nfc_readme` library, you can set the following options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ST25R3911B_LIB_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE` and similar options to reduce the logging level of the NFC components used in the application.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_HL_PROCEDURE_CC_BUFFER_SIZE` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_HL_PROCEDURE_APDU_BUF_SIZE` to adjust the buffer sizes in the NFC T4T protocol implementation of the poller side.

> If the application supports the TNEP protocol, you can set the following options:

Reviewer 3: The same here

Author: Added

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_MAX_RECORD_COUNT`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_MAX_LOCAL_RECORD_COUNT`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_PARSER_BUFFER_SIZE`

Poller
------

To optimize an application that supports the NFC poller functionality using the :ref:`st25r3911b_nfc_readme` library, you can set the following options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ST25R3911B_LIB_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE` and similar options to reduce the logging level of the NFC components used in the application.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_HL_PROCEDURE_CC_BUFFER_SIZE` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_T4T_HL_PROCEDURE_APDU_BUF_SIZE` to adjust the buffer sizes in the NFC T4T protocol implementation of the poller side.

If the application supports the TNEP protocol, you can set the following options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_POLLER_RX_MAX_RECORD_CNT` for the maximum number of NDEF records in the received message.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NFC_TNEP_CH_POLLER_RX_BUF_SIZE` for the Connection Handover receive buffer size of the poller mode, if the application uses the :ref:`nfc_tnep_ch_readme` library.

> :ref:`tnep_ch_optimization`

Author: I decided to divide the text into 2 section: tag and poller, so it is clear when to apply which optimizations. The broken link comes from  the fact that the last section: _If the application uses the NFC TNEP protocol for the Bluetooth LE out-of-band pairing procedure..._ applies to both tag and poller, so not sure how to solve it. I reversed it back to the original form. Do you have any suggestion how it can be solved so it's clear the last section is for both NFC roles?
